map:
o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o
o â†’ r . W . r . W . r . W . r . W . r . o
o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o . o
o x . w w w w w w w w . . w w w w w w . o
o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o

title:
text  	mi propio nivel!
cs_CZ.UTF-8	mi propio nivel!
da_DK.UTF-8	mi propio nivel!
en_US.UTF-8	mi propio nivel
es_ES.UTF-8	mi propio nivel!
fr_FR.UTF-8	mi propio nivel! !
nl_NL.UTF-8	mi propio nivel!
ru_RU.UTF-8	mi propio nivel!
tr_TR.UTF-8	mi propio nivel!

comment:
text		Son solo algoritmos 
cs_CZ.UTF-8	Son solo algoritmos
da_DK.UTF-8	Son solo algoritmos
en_US.UTF-8	Son solo algoritmos
es_ES.UTF-8	Son solo algoritmos
fr_FR.UTF-8	Son solo algoritmos
nl_NL.UTF-8	Son solo algoritmos
ru_RU.UTF-8	Son solo algoritmos
tr_TR.UTF-8	Son solo algoritmos
